---
version: v1.1.8
---
- <span class="badge badge-pill badge-success">NEW</span> Add windfarm. For a whirlwind does not last a whole morning, nor does a sudden shower last a whole day.
- <span class="badge badge-pill badge-danger">CHANGE</span> Structures are globally enabled and disabled via norns parameters menu now - not just for seeding. Never want to see a particular structure again (i.e. maybe you don't have a crow)? Now you don't have to. 
- <span class="badge badge-pill badge-danger">CHANGE</span> Speaking of never wanting to see structures again... remove banks. They're boring, un-predictable, not-inspiring, and not fun. Banks from old `.arcology` files will just be imported as hives. If this is upsetting, see [`0aad26`](https://github.com/tyleretters/arcologies/commit/0aad26b48908a65c9971858786984260bd647f81) to re-implement.
- <span class="badge badge-pill badge-danger">CHANGE</span> Bank glyph is now the institution glyph. The institution glyph is now the forthcoming "fracture" glyph. 
- <span class="badge badge-pill badge-danger">CHANGE</span> Remove bank attributes: `AMORTIZE`, `DEPRECIATE`, `NET INCOME`, `INTEREST`, `TAXES`.
- <span class="badge badge-pill badge-danger">CHANGE</span> The `>` indicator for multi-note structures now shows the note that _just played_ not that note that is _about to play_. This was a highly controversial decision for me... The right brain won, today.
- <span class="badge badge-pill badge-secondary">DEV</span> Structure palette is now dynamically populated. Rows and cols are still hardcoded, however.
- <span class="badge badge-pill badge-secondary">DEV</span> Enormous refactor of "traits" - they are now all "mixins" and each encapsulates logic as well as view behavior. Some of the Cell's methods have been moved to mixins.
- <span class="badge badge-pill badge-secondary">DEV</span> I am no longer embarrassed about `popup.lua`.
- <span class="badge badge-pill badge-secondary">DEV</span> More refactoring in `saveload.lua`.
- <span class="badge badge-pill badge-secondary">DEV</span> Move `rerun()` to `functions.lua`.
- <span class="badge badge-pill badge-secondary">DEV</span> Rename `cell.structure_value` to `cell.structure_name`.
- <span class="badge badge-pill badge-secondary">DEV</span> Rename `seed_structure_<NAME>` to `structure_<NAME>` in params.
